README.md, before:

# Team MAN:
1. Mykyta Voievudskyi
2. Artur Aleksander Kanošin
3. Nikita Kislõi

## Homework 1:
[Our LPM board](https://mandreamteam.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/LPM/boards/5)

## Homework 2:
[Our LPM board](https://mandreamteam.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/LPM/boards/5)

[UC-1](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC1.md)

[UC-2](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC2.md)

[UC-3](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC3.md)

[UC-4](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC4.md)

[UC-5](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC5.md)

[Domain model](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/domainModel.png)

Yellow coloured classes were added/modified.

Green coloured classes were generated by Intellij IDEA 

'+' sign denotes fields, 'm' letter denotes methods that were added

## Homework 3:
[Solution](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/commits/tag/homework-3)

## Homework 4:
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 5:
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 6:
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 7:
<Links to the solution>

[comment]: #(We encourage you to use [markdown syntax](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/markdown-syntax-guide-776639995.html))

Commit message:

LPM-100 #comment Debugging task #done

README.md, after:

# Team MAN:
1. Mykyta Voievudskyi
2. Artur Aleksander Kanošin
3. Nikita Kislõi

## Homework 1:
[Our LPM board](https://mandreamteam.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/LPM/boards/5)

## Homework 2:
[Our LPM board](https://mandreamteam.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/LPM/boards/5)

[UC-1](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC1.md)

[UC-2](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC2.md)

[UC-3](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC3.md)

[UC-4](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC4.md)

[UC-5](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/UC5.md)

[Domain model](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/src/master/domainModel.png)

Yellow coloured classes were added/modified.

Green coloured classes were generated by Intellij IDEA 

'+' sign denotes fields, 'm' letter denotes methods that were added

## Homework 3:
[Solution](https://bitbucket.org/ZmishenkoxValerijxAlbertovich/lg9-man/commits/tag/homework-3)

## Homework 4:
### Task 1. The debugger
1. The application execution will be stopped at methods that are invoked as a consequence of pressing that button 
e.g. PurchaseController::newPurchaseButtonClicked and PurchaseController::enableInputs
2. The application execution will be stopped at methods that are invoked as a consequence of pressing that button 
e.g. PurchaseController::submitPurchaseButtonClicked, Logger::debug, Logger::info and ShoppingCart::getAll
 
3. 6 buttons
 
4. This constructor is never used

5. No-arg constructor and TextField(String text) are used
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 5:
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 6:
<Links to the solution>

## Homework 7:
<Links to the solution>

[comment]: #(We encourage you to use [markdown syntax](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/markdown-syntax-guide-776639995.html))
